And I think in Kuwait, I've got all good memories really, you know, I was very lucky, I had a really happy childhood.
I had a good parent and other than that I had a good sort of teenage years.
We used to go out a lot with friends and parties and cinema and all the things young people did in those days.
Were your friends mainly Jewish or Miss Jew?
Mostly because of the clubs, you know, I went to clubs and that's where I met.
But I had my school friends as well who would always come to a party, you know.
I don't remember, everything social seemed to be amongst the Jewish community, I have to say, and Jewish friends.
We'd have parties and everybody.
We had a field, we had a big garden, the bottom of the garden, it's all built over now.
It's, we called it the Wimpy Estate, it's all built up all behind there.
We had a field and in the field we had chickens and a couple of goats and a couple of geese that used to frighten the life out of us because they were very friendly.
And a horse, which was, my sister was the horse rider, she had a pony, I should really say, and she absolutely loved her.
Even though there's only 18 months between us, when you're a child, a sister 18 months older than you doesn't, you know, doesn't want to know you really.
So she was the one and her friends, a lot of her friends had horses or ponies and she used to take it to like pony club events.
But frightened the life out of me, I wasn't a horse rider.
I may have been daring in some things but horse riding wasn't for me.
You were jealous?
I wasn't jealous, no.
My father did a silly thing to me, it was his fault I didn't like.
It's a silly story, I don't know if you want silly stories.
But he made me get on the horse and I got on and then he threw a stick at the horse so the horse would run off with me sitting on it.
And that was it, finished.
I wasn't, I wouldn't go on the horse again.
So it was his weird sense of humour I reckon.
Perhaps he didn't want to buy another horse.
He didn't want to buy another horse.
I don't know what made him do that.
He must have thought it was funny.
So you had two sisters and a brother?
Yes.